Goodnight
they are due to the fact that he manifested stylists
and we want
another question
of an assistance
the low sent us a message
because you
from washington
yesterday I told myself
I love your explanation
believe me if I had accepted
was accused
more now I am desperate because I want to put any but to the state
time ago
and I have no idea in what way
if you can export advised medium
do not be the sale in parts because efe
as you know
what you can help personally because I live in heavy washington and that
God bless you always
take advantage for
in it he thanks all the people who send me messages and who
he tells me things
Well the coke and extended
and that kind of thing the truth is that I thank you very much
really exist
this question I do not know
you can not and be advised
which is to put a but do it
I do not really know how your little one
for this expression of him
is if you can jal's spokesperson - they a removes breastplate to answer me
it gives me the impression maybe I'm totally wrong but it gives me the
impression that may be poor luanda houbo ecuadorian I do not know why
I do not be poor can not imagine why the east
who has asked
in girls grill
and before that he used those expressions
and they have been
sykes t 4a
days after
maybe not
but the friendship
it's awesome that for the time to do it
I do not know exactly how your prize
I do not know if it's the short dose and avoid that was done
I just do not know
and he wants to put on an Afro siller type and he lost in coatepec and expose
It was expected but it is totally different
tatú texture
to which you have a permit
I imagine she is expected to be a girl from Ecuador
and who normally larraz and almost in picture because he has very smooth hair
but what is to put one but another
well we are far from the dynamics something more miller only tabasco the
ribs I know that sews all your hair
it is believed that everything is ready
I did things for it the theme of the color of people and the day
that you fancy this for example that below totally to work to overcome
the transport photos
the player but do it
down the fantastic order
but I was in the mood for the collapse because some species known all over the
head
doctors or local entity vie
in regards to carrying this right now through corruption
percent and only three colors but little like that
it follows the wake of the differences but apart from that the power
and this seems to be explosives
between these high areas
and you wear your hair
of seniors and color
what you want
a greeting to pass
I love that you understand me in bagdhis messages from everywhere peter world
from madrid from
valencia cf barcelona from anywhere in the world but it seems
hallucinatory
seven in the afternoon and if you do them from Venezuela for example
the previous round also in tone
iii it seems like a pass
God bless you, nobody
i god bless all those in that design and you send a greeting